[Admin] (miscellaneous) adding descriptions to articles (#1668)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/design/dialog-boxes.md

---
title: Dialog boxes in Office Add-ins

> description: 'Learn best practices for the visual design of dialogs in Office Add-ins.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn best practices for the visual design of dialog boxes in Office Add-ins.'
```
